Add `Skinning Contest: Chromatic Alteration` Newspost (#7666)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2022-07-18-skinning-contest-chromatic-alteration-announcement.md

## Changes

As per the feedback we've received from you, we've decided to make a couple of adjustments and improvements to the rules:

- **Submissions must not be created as a part of, or involved in a paid commission of any sort**. We encourage contestants to keep their monetary transactions out of the boundaries of the contest in order to ensure a fair and square competitive environment.
- The cover image appended to your submission must be at least **1280x720 (16:9)**. These will be used on the contest page representing your submission.

## Participation

As always, you are required to create a new skin from scratch in order to participate — there's no point in hosting a competition amongst aged skins after all!

Valid skin submissions must include a link to their forum thread in their [submission post](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1612259). Said forum thread must be located in the [Work In Progress Skins](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/119) subforum.

> Since all entries will have their respective forum threads publicly available, contestants and their submissions will not be anonymized. In fact, we encourage you to show off your work as much as you want!

Reviewer: since "colour" was used i'm assuming british english

```suggestion
Since all entries will have their respective forum threads publicly available, contestants and their submissions will not be anonymised. In fact, we encourage you to show off your work as much as you want!
```

## Voting

> After the submission phase is over, the entries will be made available for community voting.

Reviewer: maybe mention that voting begins after a separate news post

> The results of the community voting will determine the winner of the contest.

Reviewer: very dry and redundant, maybe liven it up a little

## Schedule

> - Submission phase: **5** weeks starting from the release of this newspost

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Submission phase: **5** weeks starting from the release of this news post
```

> - Voting phase: **2** weeks starting from a separate newspost

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Voting phase: **2** weeks starting from a separate news post
```

## Rules

- Submissions must not contain inappropriate, malicious, or epileptic content, and should adhere to the [osu! community rules](/wiki/Rules).
- All assets need to be created by yourself, or used with permission and proper credit to the authors. This includes, but is not limited to:
  - fonts
  - icons
  - textures
  - artworks (e.g. stock images or anime artwork)
  - sounds
- The majority of the in-game menu interface and at least two game modes have to be skinned. In other words, in addition to the gameplay elements, the following segments shouldn't be left default:
  - Ranking Panel
  - Song Selection
  - Mode Selection
  - Mod Icons
  - Pause and Fail Menu
  - Main Menu is optional, but highly encouraged

> - Submissions must be new creations, only skins posted within the submission period will be accepted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Submissions must be new creations — only skins posted within the submission period will be accepted.
```
